fix(docs): add common data best practice (#2879)
tact-lang/tact: docs/src/content/docs/book/gas-best-practices.mdx

}
```

> ### Group common initial data in contract parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Group contract parameters with common initial values
```

> When deploying multiple instances of the same contract type (like NFT Items in a collection), it's common to have some data fields that are initially set to the same values. For example, in NFT Item contracts, fields like `ownerAddress`, `content`, and `collectionAddress` might start as `null` or have the same collection address for all items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying multiple instances of the same contract type, it's common for some data fields to be initially set to the same values. For example, in [NFT Item contracts](/cookbook/nfts), fields like `ownerAddress`, `content`, and `collectionAddress` might start as `null` or have the same collection address for all items.
```

> In such cases, it's more gas-efficient to group these common fields at the beginning of the contract parameters.

Reviewer 2: It's unclear from the description this is going to be cheaper.

Please add an explanation and a test that supports this recommendation.

> In such cases, it's more gas-efficient to group these common fields at the beginning of the contract parameters. This allows the TVM to optimize storage by sharing these common values across multiple contract instances.

Reviewer: > sharing these common values across multiple contract instances.

that doesn't sound right :)

> In such cases, it's more gas-efficient to group these common fields at the beginning of the contract parameters. It enables us to store the commonData separately and then append only the unique parts (for example, the index) during each deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In such cases, it's more gas-efficient to group these common fields at the beginning of the contract parameters.
```

```tact
// Less efficient - common values scattered
contract NFTItem(
    index: Int,
    ownerAddress: Address?, // starts as null

>     content: Cell?,        // starts as null
>     collectionAddress: Address,
>     someOtherField: Int

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    collectionAddress: Address,
    someOtherField: Int,
    content: Cell?,        // starts as null
```

making parameters actually scattered

) {

>     // Contract implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // ...implementation...
```

}

> // More efficient - common values grouped at start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// More efficient - common values grouped on top
```

contract NFTItem(
    ownerAddress: Address?, // starts as null
    content: Cell?,        // starts as null
    collectionAddress: Address,
    index: Int,
    someOtherField: Int
) {

>     // Contract implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // ...implementation...
```
